hi this is perry marshall and i'm here
to talk to you about your money i'm here
to talk to you about your advertising
dollars that you're giving to google
every single day every day people search
google they see your ads and they click
on them and they come to your website
google gets your money and they leave
and you don't get their money you know
it this is a problem this is a very
serious problem for a lot of people and
most people don't know what to do about
it but I knew what to do about it and I
decided to do it and what I did was I
started program called personal ad words
coaching and impersonal AdWords coaching
we take those dollars that you invested
and we make sure that they produce the
way they're supposed to and what we do
with those dollars is we start with the
very first click the very first clip
that comes on google and we make sure
that that person sticks around and we
make sure that person tells you who they
are and gets engaged in what you do so
that you can follow up with them and
that first click last longer than 15
seconds because think about this if
somebody clicks on your ad and it cuts
you a dollar and they spend 15 seconds
on your website and leave their time cos
you two hundred and forty dollars an
hour you know what that's pretty
expensive time isn't it don't you think
we should use that time as effectively
as possible well that's what we do we
start with that very first click and we
make sure it doesn't cost you a penny
more than it should because there's a
lot of people that are paying a dollar
for a cliq they should be paying 40
cents for there's a lot of people paying
25 cents for a click that should only
cost ten cents there's a lot of people
paying ten bucks a click and they should
only be paying for okay so the first
thing we're going to do is we're going
to fix that problem and we're going to
fix it for good ok the next problem
we're going to fix is we're going to
we're going to fix the problem with
people telling you who they are and not
but still not buying anything because
we're going to take your sales funnel
and we're going to make it so magnetic
and so persuasive
of and so effective that every single
person that comes to your website
returns a multiple of these dollars to
you over and over again most people
don't realize how profitable a website
can be but if you do your job which is
to make them stop searching Google and
stick around and get involved in what
you do it can be very very profitable
and one dollar can turn into two or four
or eight or ten or twenty or a hundred
dollars over time and so in personal
AdWords coaching we take that entire
process and we crunch it down into a
12-week bobsled run and I call it a
bobsled run because it goes fast it goes
really fast and we take you step-by-step
through a process of testing tracking
autoresponder messages sales copy you
name it we go through all that process
and we make your website scream it
starts january thirty and we go week by
week step by step through a combination
of group coaching calls in small team
action groups which are like little
mastermind sessions and one-on-one calls
with me Howie and Brian furthermore we
have a guarantee we have a very bold and
ballsy guarantee and our bold and ballsy
guarantee is this if you keep up with
the homework assignments and you do the
things that we teach in this class by
the end of it it's going to pay for
itself the class will pay for itself by
the end of the twelve weeks in terms of
reduced advertising expenses for your
google account and increase profits from
your sales we have another guarantee as
well the other guarantee i have is that
one year from today if you take our
class you will make $25,000 more than
you think you would have made having not
taken it or your money back and you're
the sole judge and jury of that okay now
there's another option with an even
stronger guarantee for more advanced
marketers i have a
one-hundred-thousand-dollar guarantee
for people who join personal AdWords
coaching Excel
Gold an accelerated gold you come to my
home here in Chicago right here in my
office and we work together for two days
you and three other people in you and
the three other people we sit down we
roll up our sleeves and we work on your
website we work on your sales process we
work on your landing pages we work on
your google campaigns we we work on all
that stuff and we make it better and I
all help you write copy I'll help you
with your google as I'll help you with
any of that stuff you need any resource
or materials any books or or swipe files
or anything that i have that could help
you you have access to it and we sit
down for two days i got a series of
dates in February for two days we sit
down and we work together and when you
go home your website is going to be
tangibly measurably profitably better
okay and then the bobsled run begins and
again by April you get the kind of
results we promised and so if you read
the web page here it'll tell you about
it we've got dates in February when you
can come that I've set aside you and I
can work together so whether you take
the blue or the iridium or the
accelerated gold we can help you make
more money with google adwords and stop
this nonsense of burning money and
google getting all your money and you
not get any if you're frustrated about
that we're going to do something about
it thanks for your attention and i look
forward to seeing you in February